Add ability to accept more than one child in `<Reference>` Fields (#7812)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/ReferenceField.md

# `<ReferenceField>`

`<ReferenceField>` is useful for displaying many-to-one and one-to-one relationships, e.g. the details of a user when rendering a post authored by that user. 

```
┌──────────────┐       ┌────────────────┐
│ posts        │       │ users          │
│--------------│       │----------------│
│ id           │   ┌───│ id             │
│ user_id      │╾──┘   │ name           │
│ title        │       │ date_of_birth  │
│ published_at │       └────────────────┘
└──────────────┘
```

```jsx
<ReferenceField source="user_id" reference="users">
    <TextField source="name" />
</ReferenceField>
```

> A `<ReferenceField>` displays nothing on its own, it just fetches the data, pust it in a [`RecordContext`](./useRecordContext.md), and lets its child to render it. Usual child components for `<ReferenceField>` are other `<Field>` components (e.g. [`<TextField>`](./TextField.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `<ReferenceField>` displays nothing on its own, it just fetches the data, puts it in a [`RecordContext`](./useRecordContext.md), and lets its children render it. Usual child components for `<ReferenceField>` are other `<Field>` components (e.g. [`<TextField>`](./TextField.md)).
```

| `reference` | Required | `string`            | -        | The name of the resource for the referenced records, e.g. 'posts'                                                   |
| `label`     | Optional | `string | Function` | `resources.[resource].fields.[source]`   | Label to use for the field when rendered in layout components  |
| `link`      | Optional | `string | Function` | `edit`   | Target of the link wrapping the rendered child. Set to `false` to disable the link.                                 |
| `sortBy`    | Optional | `string | Function` | `source` | Name of the field to use for sorting when used in a Datagrid                                     |

`<ReferenceField>` also accepts the [common field props](./Fields.md#common-field-props).

## `label`

By default, `<SimpleShowLayout>`, `<Datagrid>` and other layout components infer the label of a field based on its `source`. For a `<ReferenceField>`, this may not be what you expect:

```jsx
{/* default label is 'User Id', or the translation of 'resources.posts.fields.user_id' if it exists */}
<ReferenceField source="user_id" reference="users" link="show">
    <TextField source="name" />
</ReferenceField>
```

> That's why you often need to set an explicit `label` on a `<RefezrenceField>`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That's why you often need to set an explicit `label` on a `<ReferenceField>`:
```
